Write a algorithm for a Binary Search and discuss it time and space complexity?
Justify the need of hashing. Discuss any two techniques with a proper example?
Write a program to implement priority queue using array of linked list?
Convert the following Postfix expression to the Prefix expression using stack?
Explain how to implement a B+ tree and its advantages over other tree data structures?
What is the time complexity of the most efficient algorithm for finding the shortest path in a graph?
Write an algorithm for quick sort and explain with suitable example?
Write an algorithm to find that given tree is BST or not? 
Write an algorithm to perform to insertion and deletion middle of linked list?
Write an algorithm to solve the Tower to Hanoi problem?
Write an algorithm for insertion, deletion in doubly linked-list?
Write an algorithm to reverse a doubly linked list?
Define B-tree ? Construct a B-tree for following element {10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60} (Show steps of insertion)?
Define Binary tree . Find a post-order traversal from given Inorder traversal?
Define Minimum Spanning Tree and explain in detail?
Discuss the advantages of Binary threaded tree over the binary tree and explain the construction of Binary Threaded Tree with example?
Discuss the searching algorithm of Graph Data-structure?
Consider a 3-dimensional array A[2:8, -3:6, 5:10]. The base address of the array is 1000 and the memory required by each element is 2 bytes. Find the address of A[3, 1, 61] using row major representation.Show all the intermediate steps.
What is Binary Search Tree (BST)? Construct a BST by inserting the following elements in given order. Show all the intermediate steps. {5, 9, 1, 10, 15, 12, 2, 6, 20, 4, 14, 24}.
Write a recursive algorithm for binary search technique to search an element in a given sorted list. Also show the tracing of your algorithm to search an element 9 in the following data. {3, 5, 9,12, 17, 23, 36, 53, 65, 78}.	
Sort the following data in ascending order using heap sort algorithm. Show all the intermediate steps. {43, 32, 11, 53, 76, 90, 39, 59, 97, 20, 84, 66}
How can you efficiently find the median of a set of data using data structures?
Draw a binary expression tree from the given infix expression, Write the pre-order and post-order from the constructed binary expression tree ( a * b / c + e / f * g + k - x * y ).
State applications of minimum spanning tree (MST)?
Differentiate between a linked list and an array.
Write an algorithm to insert an element at a given position in the doubly linked list.
What is a van Emde Boas tree, and what are its applications in data structures?
Describe the concept of a B-tree and its use in database systems.
How can you implement a priority queue using a binary heap?
Explain the concept of a binary search algorithm and its use in searching.
What is the significance of a directed acyclic graph (DAG) in real-world applications?
Describe the use of stacks in expression evaluation.
How can you efficiently implement a dictionary using a hash table?
Explain the concept of a linked list's applications in managing large datasets.
What is the importance of a red-black tree in maintaining balanced data?
How does a depth-first search algorithm work in finding connected components in a graph?
Describe the role of a binary search tree in maintaining sorted data.
What is the use of queues in real-world scenarios, and how do they facilitate efficient data processing?